good evening everyone this is just
captain strawberry jam and today what
I'm going to be doing is teaching you
guys how to fly a plane i've just
graduated from flying school and
honestly it was a giant northwest of
time many do looping holes reminded me
of superman 64 absolutely terrible and
today what I'm going to be doing is
teaching you how to fly a plane in just
a few minutes so stay tuned okay so I've
made one kind of big mistake and I've
left my ID at home so it's going to be
hot a little bit hard for me to get
through these gates here so I'm just
going to use plan B and that is just
jumping straight through here they
probably won't care very much usually
they just let me go through and he
appears they just let me go through
which is perfectly fine next step is
picking our plane let's just Park our
little car over here and we need to get
the fly us mobile because you got me on
the wrong way oh shitty car d let's just
break this window get in here because I
I've lost the keys to that as well and
what we're going to be doing is we're
going to be looking for our jet now this
one this is a bitch jet we don't want to
turn it on like this and yep excuse me
soothing bitch jet
shit god damn it all right this time I
just have my cab driver drive me
straight in because I'm not really too
good at driving so if I just jump out
like righty let's just do it oh oh
that's not good all right here we go
think you'll be all we can squeeze
through here here we go man whoa up in
the air oh all right 86 time's the charm
my god yes your ass we're gonna do this
time dude I can feel it get out get out
get out get out all right triangle
triangle okay he comes one he comes one
don't worry about him get out quickly
quickly we're gonna get this Oh get in
getting okay back it up back it up back
it up don't worry about this one cop one
cops not gonna do anything dude I just
smash him okay oh we're just gonna get
oh dude I getting so pissed all this is
why is so difficult I'm gonna the bitch
I'm use a bitch jet i mean i'm using the
bitch shit that's it i bitched out
missed out dude you suck all right guys
let's go we've we've officially bitched
out we're using the bitch jet it's tiny
it's small maybe next time we'll use the
big boy one but this time we're going
little more guy all right let's bust
into this slap it my fist and we jump in
here and we just wish back to Sky out
and let's hope no police come for me do
because I Hawk right right I managed to
crash this girl back it out like this
hello everyone captain crew this is your
captain speaking captain strawberry jam
is getting ready for takeoff
we'll just lift and we're off guys haha
yes we're blinded and it took us 27
minutes hahaha yes whoa this is your
captain speaking there may be some
turbulence we're experiencing fierce
winds right now and some loot deal oh oh
some some fierce loop-de-loops oh oh oh
clutch clutch clutch hard rain oh man
you know once you get in the end you
Flynn upside down another barrel roll
it's not really that much fun I think
the funnest thing about flying this game
is just starting to fly and doing
amazing loop-de-loops oh oh oh Eddie
suck tensional passages this is your
captain speaking prepare for emergency
landing emergency landing is now taking
place let us do this
I sure wanna fight you those 20 I've
done and find it out GTA 6 today Oh